docs: add complete Local PV Rawfile documentation (#619)
openebs/website: docs/main/user-guides/local-storage-user-guide/local-pv-rawfile/advanced-operations/rawfile-thin-provisioning.md

## Overprovisioning

Thin provisioning enables you to provision more logical capacity than physical disk space. For example, on a 100 GB pool you could provision ten 20 GB volumes (200 GB logical), as long as the total data written across all volumes does not exceed the physical pool capacity.

Monitor the overcommit ratio:

```promql
rawfile_pool_volumes_logical_bytes / rawfile_pool_capacity_bytes
```

:::warning
If the underlying pool runs out of physical space, writes to thin-provisioned volumes will fail with I/O errors at the application level. Monitor `rawfile_pool_remaining_capacity_bytes` and set alerts before this occurs.
:::

## Monitor Physical vs Logical Usage

```promql
# Physical bytes actually written across all volumes in a pool
rawfile_pool_volumes_physical_bytes

# Logical (provisioned) bytes across all volumes
rawfile_pool_volumes_logical_bytes

# Space savings ratio (higher = more savings from thin provisioning or CoW)
1 - (rawfile_pool_volumes_physical_bytes / rawfile_pool_volumes_logical_bytes)
```

Per-volume physical usage:

```promql
rawfile_volume_physical_bytes
```

## Thin Provisioning with CoW Pools

> Thin provisioning combines well with Copy-on-Write pools (btrfs, XFS reflink):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thin provisioning combines well with Copy-on-Write pools (filesystems with reflink enabled):
```
